Visit our website
www.entradas.com
where you can see the magazine in format
digital and within the world application
nut you will see the world magazine
tracks
world back brings you the eighth edition of
the tractor shafts and the fourth
edition of dump trucks that was made in
vic or hill of pasco
so
and
the winner of the super 500 category
Americans the representative of Colombia
Orlando ibarra the second place was
for william cargo arica third roger
arias
Y
in the super 500 European category the
victor was franz chávez second miguel
valley and third arturo rare
in triple tipper trucks that manuel rosemary
was first to search
Diego Segundo and Iván Romero was third
in tipper 100 feet four axles the
triumph corresponded to freddy aguirre
second is from muñoz and third my daughter the
rosemary
finally the simple traction category
super 400 was counted on the participation
from denis the see I'm not lope anymore and
celestino rivera
Well, we have come from
Ecuador and Colombia represent the company
after eating inter talk about the year
previous we were competing
here and thank God we did very well
we were champions in the final after
semifinals and finals were very very
competitive
we have to finish a championship
God, well, may we go to all
the places here I hope to thank you
normal that everything here to the municipality of
he said and very grateful very grateful
with him with all the Peruvian people
for for receiving us here kindly